hi all and welcome to the beta version
of Jimmy break let's load up the
character this is Jimmy it's got six
thousand three hundred and sixteen
polygons but more importantly he has no
bones and he has no weight maps for
those bones okay so let's go over into
Jimmy rig here's the interface let's
load up the character
let's get him Jimmy there we go loading
him in okay so if you like me and you're
not very good with the rigging character
and you find the whole process a bit
tedious what Jimmy rig is doing is
automatically reading the character here
now why is that special well there's no
model prerequisites required so you
don't have to put him in a specific pose
you don't have to have a closed manifold
basically it will rig any model does
this through volumetrics so you can see
there and it uses the volumetric stew
weight the mesh and let's say it
outperforms auto weight on some other
and well-known packages okay so it's
weight for a second now it's using GPU
in the render view there which you can
see which enables very very fast
feedback in fact it's pretty much
real-time for most purposes it's a plane
character but you can have a textured
character with normal maps and specular
and so on okay so let's load up a motion
we've got 2,500 or so Carnegie Mellon
University motions in the library to
start with and let's just just the
character and add in a bit of shading
now what we've done there is we've used
auto cyclic animation so what it's done
it's moving down a bit okay what it's
done is it's looked for within that
motion capture data a Spartan in frame
for a cycle loop I automatically created
it with a blend and we go what we're
going to do is going to make that into a
clip so that we can use it on our
timeline okay so let's bake that clip
there we are drag it down onto the
timeline Oh
okay so if we drag that out what what it
will do is Jimmy will walk keeping his
feet locked to the ground as necessary
let's move him around okay and let's add
a few more frames there 200 that make it
interesting okay and put him over on the
side and drop in something that'll make
him turn a corner look at that Hey
okay so change the position of the turn
okay maybe drag the turnout so it takes
longer okay that's nice now you can make
him turn left or right that's okay I'm
happy with that
okay so walking away from us turn the
corner let's open up a landscape that'll
make it a bit more interesting okay
tweet the camera a bit okay yep okay
he's floating that's no good let's get
him sitting or standing rather on the
ground okay drag out I'll ground the
plugin and position him look at the IKE
a working there that's cool okay and
drag him the real time real time lovely
we like that
good okay feet on the ground
okay so his left foot needs a bit of
adjustment let's put a bit of offset
there okay lovely and press play and
there we go our characters walking over
the landscape turning the corner using a
piece of motion captured data that's
been made into a cyclic animation pretty
cool huh
and not bad for three minutes work okay
and let's change the render quality
settings in the GPU rendering okay we
like that a bit lovely okay that looks
pretty nice to me so if you want to
render that out we can render that out
to Targa sequence with alpha or we can
render it out maybe just to AVI okay now
what we're getting there is a 64 multi
pass rendering using the DP you
and on this pretty crappy system about
one frame per second